c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\bin\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\bin\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\bin\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\bin\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\obj\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.frmkalkulator.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\obj\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\obj\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\obj\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\obj\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\obj\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.pdb
D:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\bin\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.exe.config
D:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\obj\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.exe
D:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\obj\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.xml
D:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\obj\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.pdb
D:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\bin\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.exe
D:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\bin\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.pdb
D:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\bin\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.xml
D:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\obj\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.frmkalkulator.resources
D:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\obj\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.Resources.resources
D:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\obj\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\obj\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.vbproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kalkulator2_Litto\Kalkulator2_Litto\obj\Debug\Kalkulator2_Litto.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
